<ui:composition template="WEB-INF/facelets/template.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

	<ui:define name="title">
		FAQ - 
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="PageName">
		FAQ
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">
		<p>
			<b>Q: What is Snake App?</b><br />
			A: It's a snake game for Android smartphones but with a twist. You control
			the snake by tilting your phone and you can rotate 360 degrees. Snake App can
			also be played using custom maps that you can create on this site.
			<br /><br />
			<a name="howtoinstall"></a><b>Q: How do I install it on my phone?</b><br />
			A: First of all you need to download the app which you can do <a href="download.jsf">
				here</a>. Unzip the file and place the .apk-file on your SD card.<br />
			For the next step you need to have a File manager installed on your phone. This doesn't come as standard
			with most smartphones but you can easily find one using Market, there's plenty to choose
			from. Download one and install. <br />
			Third step is to enable apps from unknown sources. When on the home screen go to Menu > Settings > 
			Applications and check the box next to "Unknown sources".<br />
			Now use your file manager to navigate to the path where you placed the .apk file. Select it and
			choose "Open app manager". You can now install the app by simply following the regular installer.<br />
			Have fun!
			<br /><br />
			<b>Q: How do I create my own maps?</b><br />
			A: You need to register as a member on the site and then login. When logged in
			go to the Editor and let your creativity flow freely. When done just click "Upload map".
			<br /><br />
			<b>Q: How do I install my own custom map and play on it?</b><br />
			A: I don't know yet  :P
			<br /><br />
		</p>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
